# Directory Contents

This directory contains the data generated by using the convolution functions in `tcms_as_convolutions.py`. The data is essentially a makeshift database of TACs (Time Activity Curves) for various models. The TACs are essential components in understanding and modelling the kinetics of radiotracers in PET (Positron Emission Tomography).

Currently, we have data for:
* 1TCM in `1tcm`
  * $k_{0}=1.00;$ $k_{1}=0.25$
  * $k_{0}=0.25;$ $k_{1}=1.00$

* Serial 2TCM with $k_4=0$ in `serial_2tcm_k4zero`
  * $k_{0}=0.50;$ $k_{1}=0.50;$ $k_{2}=0.01$
  * $k_{0}=0.50;$ $k_{1}=0.50;$ $k_{2}=0.25$
* Serial 2TCM in `serial_2tcm`
  * $k_{0}=0.50;$ $k_{1}=0.85;$ $k_{2}=0.01;$ $k_{3}=0.01$
  * $k_{0}=0.50;$ $k_{1}=0.85;$ $k_{2}=0.25;$ $k_{3}=0.01$
  * $k_{0}=0.50;$ $k_{1}=0.85;$ $k_{2}=0.25;$ $k_{3}=0.15$
  
Additionally, the directories include plots corresponding to different test data sets. These plots provide a visual representation of the TACs.

In these directories, you will find two versions of the TACs:

1. **Noise-less TACs**: These are TACs that have been processed without the addition of any noise. They depict the ideal data, assuming perfect experimental conditions.

2. **TACs with Gaussian Noise**: These TACs have been artificially modified with Gaussian noise. The variance of this noise is determined by the average value of counts in the input TAC. Explicitly, we have:

$$
\sigma = \frac{\int_0^{T}C_\mathrm{P}(t)\mathrm{d}t}{T},
$$

The inclusion of both versions of TACs allows for a more robust analysis of the models and their performance under various conditions. 